godfrey isaacs the attorney for
sirhan sirhan has made a motion for a
new trial in the
case of the assassination of robert f
kennedy
he's not the only one interested in that
matter with me this evening are paul
schrade
who does labor commentary for kpfk and
allard lowenstein former congressman
from new york
and they have also taken an interest in
the case and as a matter of fact
have recently issued a statement calling
for certain steps to be taken
to look into the investigation which has
resulted in
a good deal of confusion perhaps more in
the los
angeles media than any place else as the
assassination took place in los angeles
one of those confusing episodes was the
contradictory statements by thomas
naguchi the coroner in the case at one
point
saying that the bullet that issued from
sirhan's gun could not have killed
robert kennedy and then a couple of
years later saying
that sir sarhan was the only one who
could have killed robert kennedy
what other contradictions are you
pointing to and
what would you like to see done about it
well the
contradiction that worries me most
because i was directly involved
is that the los angeles police
department
has made an inventory of the eight
bullets fired by sir han
by his gun and that inventory
uh says that the bullet that uh
wounded me in the head uh passed through
the
right shoulder of robert kennedy's coat
that bullet didn't wound him but it
passed through from
back to front i recall that i was
standing
behind robert kennedy uh observing him
shaking hands with the workers in in the
ambassador hotel kitchen
and was to his left behind him
and i can not in my own mind
reconcile the passage of that bullet
from
front from back to front through
kennedy's uh
coat and winding up in my head
he would have had to ben completely
turned around
facing me in a totally different
direction and when i was shot and
became unconscious as a result of it at
no time had he moved
uh to that position if that's the case
and if we can't reconcile
that uh inventory that part of the
inventory the los
angeles police department then we have a
ninth bullet
and so that's one of the major
contradictions
that appears uh based upon the evidence
provided by the los angeles
police department and the prosecution
what other kinds of contradictions i
know that isaacs has
has said in his um motion that he feels
that it was
physically improbable if not impossible
for sir hand to have fired the bullet
that killed robert kennedy
the the central fact which somehow
rather gets lost
when you listen to chief davis or
mr bush is that the bullet that killed
robert kennedy went in at one inch
and that it is impossible to find any of
all those people who are in that kitchen
that in fact testified that the gun
that was supposed to have fired that
bullet was anywhere near one inch from
senator kennedy's head now
i find that uh compelling not because
eyewitness testimony is reliable
it is not and everyone knows that but it
clearly it clearly is difficult to say
that a bullet that fire that killed
robert kennedy
uh at a distance of one inch was fired
from a gun which is variously placed at
anywhere
up to six feet away from him and when
the police and the district attorney try
to get past that by saying
nobody saw another gun therefore it's
clear that it was sirhan's gun what
they're doing is taking
the position that they're not so blind
as those who will not see what the los
angeles police want them to see
because in fact everyone has testified
the same
central fact that has to be faced which
is that sirhan was in front of kennedy
that even if kennedy had turned and he
had and had not turned back and that's
in dispute
it is impossible for a gun to fire a
bullet point-blank into kennedy's head
if that gun was
feet away from him now i think that if
that can't be reconciled if we can't
find some way
to square that that we then must go
beyond our fantasy which has always been
mine particularly and i'm talking out of
a sense of my own
guilt and negligence not pointing
fingers to anyone else but we ought to
get past the fantasy that's gripped us
all these years
that somehow there was nothing here
except sirhan uh
what there was beyonce and i don't know
but i'm saying that we mustn't fantasize
answers we must try to find
facts and then decide from those facts
what in fact occurred
so i start with a very real concern that
we not let the continual misstatement of
the eyewitness testimony confuse us the
eyewitness testimony is the main
basis on which uh davis and bush and
these other people insist that the case
is closed they say
everyone saw sir hand shooting kennedy
well everyone
saw sarhan shooting the issue where they
saw him shooting kennedy
has to do with where the bullet entered
kennedy or bullets entered kennedy and
where the people
put the gun that was shooting and so
they quite intentionally
turn around what the eyewitness
testimony is to try to make it say what
they wanted to say and it says the
opposite
so while i have problems about the
number of bullets i think that's a
central question paul mentioned one
of the explanations that the authorities
have given for the fact that there are
so many more holes and there are bullets
they give others of course when they
find these don't stand up
i have problems about that and i have
problems about the fact that the bullet
in senator kennedy's neck appears not to
be from the same
gun as the bullet and wisely stomach i
say appears because we're not making any
definitive statements about that either
but what troubles me the most is when
you take everyone's view of what they
saw and you take
the statistics that have been compiled
about those bullets and you take the
autopsy report and you add it together
you have a probability factor that says
something is rotten in the way this
thing was explained to the public and
it's at that point that we say
answer these questions and what we get
when we raise these questions is even
more troublesome because what we get
is a combination of suppressing our
position so that in fact it's impossible
to find out what it is
as for instance the los angeles times
which is twice declined to report
extensive statements that paul and i
have made about the facts and about our
questions
never have those questions that we've
raised appeared but instead of that
they have taken out of context and
distorted what we said and then attacked
us the same as we didn't say
and the same has been done now to mr
harper the ballistics man in pasadena
whose affidavit has been i think as
careful and
thorough as any man's could be on the
basis of what he's been allowed to study
and yet the papers
that have reported what he has said have
alleged that he has repudiated what he
said without ever reporting what he said
and in fact what he said was that the
evidence is not definitive
but the questions are serious and can be
determined if we will go through certain
procedures so that we have some idea
what the facts are
that they say is repudiation of
something without ever reporting what it
is he said they say he's now repudiating
so i get troubled about the effort to
distort what we're saying and then to
discredit us i heard poor chief davis
saying the other day that people on
lecture tours
are doing all this that's a sad thing
for the man to say he knows perfectly
well that
not only am i not on a lecture tour not
only is paul not a lecture tour
but beyond that all the expenses that
are involved considerable expenses have
been paid out of my rather limited
pocket and out of polls we don't
get subsidized we don't want to get
subsidized and for a man in chief
david's position
to be that careless about his statements
about people who are
earnestly trying to get to the facts who
have met with him
never questioned his motives never
impugned mr bush's motive have tried
very hard to work
with them cooperatively is disturbing
because if they're that careless about
this how do i know that they can be
trusted what they say about anything
else
so there's a whole pattern that i
believe has emerged since our public
statement
of distortion and of an effort to
discredit of a failure to deal with the
questions we've raised which has
intensified our sense
that there has to be an investigation
what are the ballistic things that
mr harper has referred to that should be
tested in order to clarify what he calls
and now an unclear situation
well one of the most important things
that he discovered was that
uh the question of the can of lures a
cantilever is a knurled
ring on the bullet itself
and the reason this becomes significant
is that
on the whole bullet that's in evidence
that was pulled from the stomach of
billy weisel who was the abc television
producer wounded that night
that bullet in comparison
with a bullet that was fired into
kennedy's back that was recovered and is
still in evidence
those two bullets differ in the number
of cantilevers they have
those uh on the on the weissel bullet
there are two stripes or cantilevers on
the kennedy bullet there's only one
now that becomes important because
the manufacturer of the bullets in the
sir handgun uh never made more than a
two candler bullet
uh so the one cantaloupe bullet coming
out of kennedy
then becomes important in in raising
doubts uh
that sirhan was the only person firing a
gun in there that night
now the the prosecution
again raised questions about this they
say
the bullets and evidence have been
tampered with or damaged
yet two sets of photographs of those
bullets those two bullets
one was made in 1970 under the auspices
of
william harper the other set was made
through a court order
received by county supervisor baxter
ward
that second set was made in april 74.
those two photographs when you look at
them
show no damage to the bullets and no
deterioration
as uh bush and davis uh
charge or at least they raise that
question they hint that that's the case
yet they never say let's take a look at
them to find out if they've been damaged
or there is deterioration
so the can lure question becomes
important because
if these are two different manufacturers
then
sir hand could not have uh uh fired the
fatal shot or
fired that one bullet into the back
because
uh that bullet would have had to come
from a different manufacturer now the
the los angeles police department the
prosecution confirmed
that sir hans gun carried on the bullets
of only one manufacturer
cascade cartridge company so that's
that's one part of the ballistics on it
the other is that
uh both harper and mcdonald
and by the way a third ballistics expert
or
forensic expert as they're called have
checked out the the photographs
and have determined that the the rifling
angle
and the barrel markings are
significantly different and this could
then
uh be the basis of of finding another
gun
involved rather than just the sir
handgun so we're asking that the gun be
re-fired these
comparisons be made that the all of the
bullets and evidence
uh seven of the eight portions of which
or all of which have been
were collected by the los angeles police
department that the ballistics experts
have a
chance to take a look at those barrel
markings and riflings and check out the
manufacturer
there's one very good test that was
cancelled by
coroner noguchi on the basis of advice
from
the lapd's expert dwayne wolfer
that test is what's called a neutron
activation test
that test can determine the content of
the bullet or
bullets or the bullet fragments still in
evidence and
go a long way in determining the
manufacture again if variations in
manufacture
show up in those tests then we're on the
road to
determining there was a second gun so
all of these tests uh
can be made and should be made it's
it's really very difficult to understand
why
chief davis and attorne district
attorney bush
refuse to do this we know that sir hands
moving
to get a new trial we think the the
issues and the questions in this case
are much more compelling
than anything sir han wants to do and
this is why we're carrying on our
independent
investigation and presentation of
information the public because
there are broader issues involved than
just sir hans welfare
and this is why we we're so concerned
and why we raise these questions in our
statement
last december fifteenth i noticed that
you talk about the nature of sirhan's
trial and
and explain the fact that it was not a
trial of
of fact could you explain that to our
listeners what what actually happened at
sirhan's trial the first time around
uh the defense position was that sirhan
had in fact killed kennedy but that he
was a diminished mental capacity and
therefore should not get the gas chamber
his lawyer then the his chief counsel
grant cooper
was a very distinguished member of the
los angeles bar
says now that if he'd known then what he
knows now he would have had a different
defense
and in fact one of the questions that's
disturbing is why some of the
information that is clearly
pertinent wasn't available to the
defense at that time and that's a
question that
i believe may account for some of the
nervousness of the authorities the
authorities
acted at that time i want to give the
most
generous interpretation i can to what's
happened on their side
they acted on the knowledge which
appeared total in which i shared which
that is to say all of us shared i think
very few people questioned that
the certainty that sarah had killed
robert kennedy and acting on that
certainty as it appeared then
the trial was not a trial as it would
have normally been in
determining the facts of what occurred
but
giving that generous interpretation of
what happened and i think it's a fair
assumption that the authorities could
have believed that and therefore have
assumed
that anything to the contrary was just
confusion
giving that interpretation to it would
require them now to say look in view of
what has come
become clear we want to cooperate in
finding out what did happen because this
is not a matter of
of of intentional deception or anything
at the time of the
of the murder what this is a question of
what
occurred at one of the turning points in
recent american history robert kennedy
was a person so potential so
beloved really so unique for this
country at that time that
his demise then uh
scooped out the country from from its
chin to its knees it left us with a
sense that
almost has gotten worse with time which
is unusual in the death of a person and
that that should be treated as something
where it is only historical footnote to
know how it came about
understanding the impact of that death
and understanding the potential
lesson for the future that may or may
not lurk in it as to how that happened
and what it
portends there is no way that a person
who loves the united states and cares
about what happens now can say that this
has to be
considered closed it isn't closed it
will not be closed it will be closed
only when these
tests have been conducted and if these
tests are not decisive then so be it
let's at least find that out but don't
say we won't conduct tests because
the results of those tests may not be
decisive that's simply to use an excuse
to prevent trying to find out something
which we have a right to try to find out
if in the end we can't find it out at
least let it be not that we never tried
but that having tried we failed and then
we have to live with it i believe we can
find out a great deal by these tests and
that
what the authorities ought to be doing
is to move quickly to cooperate in
bringing those tests about
in order that we know all we possibly
can know and then
develop from there the kind of
investigation that that may dictate if
it turns out those bullets match if it
turns out
the eyewitness testimony can be
reconciled if it turns out that when the
gun is test-fired there is no problem of
matching that with the
neck the bullet from senator kennedy's
neck if the neutron activation analysis
supports the theory that sirhan's gun
did in fact then i would say all right
the trajectory problem remains but let's
accept the fact that the preponderance
of evidence
is that even though it's hard to
understand it those eight bullets did
inflict those bullet holes
you see what i'm saying is that if any
major chunk of these doubts can be
allayed as i believe they can
if they're a layable then the other
questions some of which we haven't even
mentioned today because they are so
numerous that they could take hours to
list
we would i think both of us be prepared
to say well we will accept as
as definitive as nearly defended as we
can these answers
but it's the concealment and the
dishonesty and the
effort to discredit the questions it's
the fact that when people give
information from official positions
they've told me repeatedly things which
were not true which doesn't make me feel
that they're
interested in getting to the bottom of
the case these kinds of things
make what our doubts become more
persistent doubts not less
now you've called for the release of a
10 volume report of the
official investigation and of the
official trade
trajectory study does that include the
information from the coroner's office
and
what kind of things do you expect there
or what are you hoping for and is it
common for this kind of material to be
released
well it's difficult to know what's in it
since we haven't had access to it it's
also difficult to know why we can't have
access to it since there seems to be no
reason why if the
information there sustains the verdict
it should be kept secret
there's no rule that requires that
information of an investigation of this
kind be
in effect classified there's no
suggestion that
the national security is involved or
that the foreign policy united states
would be
compromised or any other things that
would maybe be
used as a justification for preventing
the public from having access to
information which
is a public concern so i don't know why
it's not made available
the kinds of information that i would
like to see
available to the public include
for instance the issue of what
happened to senator kennedy's clothes
i'm trying to the reason i'm pausing is
i'm trying to take examples which are
not so complicated but it takes longer
to explain why they're crucial in it
than it's worth
take this one of the bullets that paul
referred to the peculiar
of course of the bullet that was
supposed to hit him is another bullet
that was supposed to have gone through
senator kennedy's chest
hit a ceiling panel which was an inch
thick gone through that to the ceiling
above that is the floor above bounced
off that come back through another
ceiling panel also
approximately an inch thick and then
taken off down the pantry 20 feet to hit
mrs evans in the head
mrs evans was at the time
troubling over her shoe which had fallen
off and she was hit in
a direction that went up not down uh
in her head uh one of the things that i
would like to
find out is what the evidence is on
those
ceiling panels i'd like to see uh as i'm
told it can be done whether they're
which bullet holes in those ceiling
panels are entry holes where the bullets
went up and where they came down
then you understand you find something
out if the bullet didn't go up through
one panel and down to the next
then we have to have another bullet
furthermore i'd like to find
out whether firing a bullet through
someone's simulated chest and then
through two ceiling panels that are
almost an inch thick east and then
having it
go 20 feet and hit a lady in another
simulated head whether there would be 31
grains left of that bullet out of the 39
it had when it started
if so i'd like to know that but if not i
think the police ought to want to know
that because that means that their
explanation of that bullet doesn't stand
up
now there are a lot of other questions
like that i i'm afraid i'm going on at
length and i didn't tend to what i'm
suggesting to you
is is that on we submitted 23 questions
over a year ago to the authorities
they could be expanded probably three or
four times as much but those 23
questions are questions
which presumably this 10 volume report
should be able to answer one way or
another
i can't believe that these questions
didn't occur to anyone that we came
along that seems to me to assume
almost an arrogant attitude about the
wisdom and the
intelligence of the people dealing with
the case if these questions were dealt
with there got to be some way
that we can find out what the answers
were to these questions and so far the
authorities have not
either been able or been willing to give
us those answers i'll give you one other
example no i won't i've talked too long
on that question
well the interesting thing is that there
has been some investigation done and
the existence of a second gun is not
just a matter of conjecture
what what of the second gun where how
did that come about how did that
discovery take place
is there in fact a real second gunner is
it the figment of some
other biased investigators imagination
[Music]
is that reality well there's been a lot
of private investigation going on
over the years both al and i share
guilt and not recognizing there were
serious questions before
this but those of us who were friends of
robert kennedy
felt very deeply about his death and and
it was very painful for us to
even consider there was anything else
involved
uh than the one gun lone assassin theory
because that's
what obvious was before uh the public
before
uh was presented in the trial and so
forth but there were people
who were diligently working at finding
out more information because
there were questions in people's minds
right from the beginning
one film i've seen on on the second gun
i'm displeased with the film itself
because i think that it's not well done
it does raise very important information
and should be seen although my
criticisms i believe are
valid of that film ted sharrack who did
the film
did discover something that the los
angeles police department with all of
their investigators and the tens of
thousands of hours of investigations
they claim they made
and probably did they were not able to
discover that
an armed guard in that room was carrying
a gun had pulled that gun
during the assassination although he
himself said that he didn't fire it
i'm not charging he fired it or is even
a suspect in this case
but there's some other things about him
that were discovered by private
investigation
one is that he owned a 22
caliber pistol that he
claimed he sold in february 68 months
before the assassination
well private investigator ted charact
found out that that gun actually
had been purchased by a person
in september of 68 after the
assassination so
most likely it was in the possession of
of this guard
during the period of the assassination
though on the record
he said he sold it beforehand so that
question was never
explored by the los angeles police they
never
confiscated the gun that he said he had
in the room that night
which he claims was his 38
pistol that he carried as a guard so
the police didn't get into this question
they the police did say that they
checked out
everybody in the kitchen area that
night who might possibly have been
present during the assassination
to check political background they said
nobody of extremist views or
antagonistic to kennedy was in their
room that night
yet the same guard uh testified
uh that he uh raised money small amount
uh for george wallace uh and
uh distributed leaflets for him uh the
same guard uh
considered both robert kennedy and john
kennedy
enemies who were selling out the country
to the commies into the blacks
and so here is a man of very extreme
political views
present there yet the la police
department investigation
did not discover that or discovered it
and didn't say anything about it
so uh that man ought to be checked out
there's one other thing that
that the police didn't discover and that
is that there was a
a man working for the ambassador hotel
in the kitchen
who was listed by the secret service
according to metro media
listed by the secret service is a man
dangerous to presidents
now i would think that man had some
extreme views
and yet the los angeles police
department never mentioned uh
that in their investigation nor the fact
that in
sirhan's pocket the night he was
arrested was found to key to a car
and that when sherhan refused to reveal
his name and the police dispatched two
detectives to the ambassador hotel with
instructions to find a car that that key
fitted so they could find out who they
had at rampart
the key fitted the car of this
individual that paul is talking about
and the explanation given was that this
man's ignition was loose
and that's why sirhan had a key in his
pocket that fitted
that car now one of the questions i
asked a year ago to which there may be a
simple answer
is that the key that was found in
sirhan's pocket fit sirhan's car
i'm not interested in the excuse so the
fact that the ignition was loose what
i'm interested in was was he carrying
the key to another man's car
and if so what connection does that
indicate existed between these people
these questions are among that c or that
web that i mentioned earlier on
are answerable questions and may not
indicate anything at all but
because of the central circumstance
there have to be some
concern about the failure to investigate
thoroughly or to answer accurately these
kinds of questions
there's an extraordinary woman that
lives in los angeles called lillian
castellano who has a
whole literally an attic filled with
documentation of inconsistencies and
official positions
most of those inconsistencies if you
could square the central
facts one could accept as the result of
uh haste or bungling or human
failure but failing to get those
kinds of central questions answered when
you find that the police
are saying that witnesses said things
which are literally the reverse of what
they said
you get troubled and i think what we're
suggesting today is we've been
suggesting for some time is that if
these questions can be answered
so much the better but if they can't
isn't it urgently needed
to find out some facts from which we can
then try to understand
uh what damaged us so much that night
and and here the the authorities have a
very important responsibility in getting
to the truth in this
matter because there are serious doubts
uh about the case now and and i'm sure
many many people agree with us on it yet
we find the authorities most reluctant
to do anything but slam the door on us
and and not
answer any questions the authorities are
really responsible in great part for the
doubt
for the gaps in the in the evidence that
we've uh discussed here this evening
and and are doing nothing to to to
allay those doubts and therefore they
have some responsibility in this
this is why i get very very concerned
when uh the authorities tell us
well let sir hand take the initiative
lets her hand go to court
joins her hand in in what he's trying to
do well i'm unwilling to do that
first of all my own personal feelings
are are most likely evident to most
people why i wouldn't want to do that
but just on on the more serious question
of of the truth in in
in this case uh it's more important that
the authorities and and
and concerned citizens get involved and
try to solve these problems rather than
leaving it to
a person who obviously was there
intending to kill robert kennedy
who said on the witness stand that he
did kill kennedy
i don't see why the authorities allow
the initiative to remain in sir hands
hands and this is why we're going to
continue to insist
that the authorities who uh in in great
part are responsible for the doubts
for the lack of competent investigation
or their uh keeping information from the
public
uh that that they have a an initiate
initiative in this one too and have a
greater responsibility than anyone to
get to get to the bottom of these
questions
and since we're recording in los angeles
may i just say that i would hope that
the citizens of this city
if nothing more came of listening to us
would insist
that the los angeles times which has
pretenses
of being a national newspaper equality
and has prospects of that
which i've admired for years is a paper
that one can rely on
ahead of so many other papers because of
its thoroughness and fairness
that the los angeles times explained to
the citizens of los
angeles what conceivable circumstance
justifies refusing to report
accurately questions raised by
responsible people about a murder that
occurred in this city
and then distorting those questions and
attacking the people who raised them
in a way which makes it impossible for
the people of the city even to know what
the issues are
i think that question ought to be put to
the los angeles times by the citizens of
this community
until an answer is obtained have you
received any positive response from
public officials anyone associated
with the city of los angeles with the
congressional or
senatorial delegation in california um
with other public figures in the united
states yes well i i would say that there
is overwhelming
uh support sympathy interest from public
people and that if it gets to the point
where we have to
join in this kind of public uh i
i hate even to contemplate it of a
public argument going on
that will will be marshalled i we have
not asked nor
do we now want to try to get into that
situation we still hope
that there will be uh through
channels that are appropriate and
without a political battle that there
will be cooperation
but if that doesn't happen i can assure
you that
the information that is necessary to
bring about
major support from political and other
uh
influential people around the country
will occur one last
question how is it that not only this
assassination but the assassination of
john kennedy
should become embroiled in this kind of
confusion what is it about assassination
do you think
that leads the local authorities to
apparently
fix on a target as a the
the criminal involved and be so
reluctant to expand their investigation
i i would want to say something about
that that uh
i'm not sure paul would agree with we
haven't really talked this through and
i'm not
speaking now for any of myself i'm not
i'm not now
prepared to generalize about the
assassinations i am only prepared now to
generalize about questions
about assassinations i'm no longer
prepared to believe automatically as i
did for many years the warren commission
was correct
obviously that seems to me now to be
subject to re-examination also
but it may very well be that there were
in each of the assassinations
separate circumstances that produced
these assassinations they may not be at
all interlocked
the circumstances attending the
investigations may all be separate even
though there were similar
difficulties so that i would uh say
first that it's possible
that the bedlam that's caused and the
horror that's caused is
uh induces a kind of
uh momentary incompetence among people
who
then cover up their own incompetence out
of human concerns for their careers
that's very possible
i i would want to expressly state that
it seems to me as in judicious to go
from where we are now
to a conclusion that there is a pattern
in these assassinations that interlocks
them in either investigation or in cause
as it was in judicious before to
conclude that only loose nuts could have
done these things
and the one thing that i most want to do
and
pledge that i will try for myself to do
is to come to no conclusions until we
have facts on which we can make
reasonable conclusions but obviously if
we now
let los angeles sit in its present state
without
understanding what the evidence is that
we can get then
we are gonna i believe as paul said
before multiply the doubts about
everything
because people are gonna say well my
goodness if they won't even take the
authorities that is won't even take
these simple steps why can't they test
fire a gun is there a rational person
who can understand why a gun can't be
test-fired why did you take a
court fight to test fire a gun there
isn't anyone who can understand that
once you understand that we don't even
know if the gun was ever test-fired
because the authorities say that when
they test-fired it last time
and they introduced the bullets and
evidence they put on the exhibit exhibit
the number of a different gun we didn't
do it they did it and why they don't
want to clarify what may have been a
clerical error
by test firing that gun and answering
that question is baffling
and so we come back to your question why
these things occur
maybe because there were separate
circumstances that overlap by
coincidence maybe not
but if we don't start to get answers to
these questions the sense that there's
something more that leads people to
stonewall
which is the thing i think most
americans learned most clearly in the
last two years is that when authorities
stonewall
there's something they don't want to
have people know and people are not
accepting that
any longer i believe in the united
states now paul wants to separate his
view on that i'd be glad to you know
well it's
it's similar to that and it raises the
question of of
why uh uh the men who've been
assassinated in this country
uh are those who are in some way dealing
uh with
very serious problems uh americans have
john kennedy robert kennedy medgar evers
malcolm x
martin luther king you can even include
the
contract out on cesar chavez's life that
was discovered a couple of years ago why
are these
the targets these persons the targets of
assassins
that question uh comes in uh very
strongly
in this case and has to be dealt with uh
one of the
convincing uh things that
has has come to me is that i was
even though i knew richard nixon when he
first began running
for office and knew how corrupt he was
i still had very difficult time
believing that he would do the kinds of
things in abusing the power of the
presidency
uh that he did while he was in office
and
uh and when you take that into account
plus the revelations now
about the cia being involved in domestic
activities the fbi and the military
being involved in the campuses
during the periods of demonstrations in
the last several years
are totally corrupting the democratic
system and using burglary and
surveillance and murder
uh as as tactics uh in in maintaining
their particular form of control over
the the population
those things uh uh strongly
uh motivate me in in in getting to the
bottom of these questions
but this is why we also have to exercise
a great deal of discipline and
self-control
we've got to get at the bottom of this
these kinds of questions on the basis
the evidence
and and we've got to do it based uh upon
what uh
we think is a as a system of justice so
that we get
uh to uh the bottom of these questions
uh based upon the questions we've raised
and the answers to them
i'm willing to back away from this whole
thing if the
the serious questions we've raised with
the authorities are reconciled in some
intelligent
rational way and yet all we're getting
is stonewalling
suppressing of information uh
questioning of
of people's motives and and no real
objective consideration these questions
and this is what we're demanding of the
authorities
and we're going to continue demanding
answers to those questions
and i'm sure the public will support us
on those
paul schrade and aled lowenstein thank
you very much for kpfk in los angeles
this is jim berland